RTL-Entropy Hardware:

We want to have true random from true white noise and no
influence of tv stations or some nsa-agent to transmit
pink noise of bad random which we receive and produce
bad random numbers.

We want to have true thermal random:
Get an RTL based TV-Stick with an SMA-Antenna connector!
The standard TV-connectors are of inferior quality of RF-
Shielding. SMA is standard for high frequency stuff above
1GHz at low power

Buy a 50Ohm termination-resistor, 1/2 Watt is enough, 
for SMA. Screw this resistor to the SMA-connector of
 the RTL based TV stick.

Now buy a power resistor of 10W in metal case and
mount it to the flat side of the SMA termination resistor,
put some silicone thermal grease between the both
resistors and wire 2 wires to your favorite lab-supply.
A good base are electrical distribution boxes for moist
rooms as they are insulated against water so there will
be not much airflow to cool the resistors, also there are
rugged boxes that will hold the heating resistor and the
 stick if it gets screwed to the bottom of the box.
Now connect the two wires to a lab power supply with
variable voltage. If you have a thermometer with thermo-
couple wire connect that wire with the heating resistor.
If not, use a thin water film on the heating resistor.
The water should evaporate quickly, but no bubbles
should be produced. Note the voltage setting.
Improvements:
Thermal insulation using glass wool saves energy, but
be sure to use a thermometer at the resistor to find
the new voltage setting of the lab power supply in
order to generate about 90 deg C. Higher temperatures
could harm the termination resistor depending on technology.
There are some very seldom types of solder that become liquid
at 90 deg C, so be careful and not overheat the resistor,
there is some safety margin. More heat gives more noise. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Johnson%E2%80%93Nyquist_noise
After you found the voltage for your heating resistor, 
go for a fixed voltage power supply in the near of that
voltage and connect it to the heater resistor, using
a switch, so you can compare the noise power added by
heating with the noise power at room temperature 300K

Also you do not need to filter the power supply of the 
heating resistor as the noise resistor is shielded and
the frequency of the receiver is far away from noise
spectrum generated by switchmode power supplies.
tune the receiver to high frequencies around 1GHz.
Avoid GSM/LTE/ham radio bands

Have fun



